#Events
An Event is a time series object that has a user, belongs to a stream and has a type.
- Events are immutable. They can not be modified, but can be amended with another event that applies on top of the previous event when interpreted by a client.
- Events ALWAYS have a user, and ALWAYS belong to a stream.
- Some event types include additional data along with the standard timestamp/stream/user fields.

## Event Types
There are two general purpose event types implemented that cover the vast majority of use cases.

### Message
A message event is an event that has unstructured string event data.

### Marker
A marker event is an event used to "mark" the event stream. The event data is a short string (under 255 characters).
These events can be ephemeral, and the api will generate marker events in specific situations.

### Ephemeral Events
Maker events can be “ephemeral” in that they will be sent across a transport, but will never be available via the API. They are used for live events that have no value in an historical context.
A common example of an ephemeral event is the “typing-start” and “typing-stop” markers that demarcate a user’s typing in a messaging use case.

### Generated events
The following marker events will be generated by the API based on other changes:
- When a user joins or leaves a stream (`user-joined` and `user-left`).
- On the parent when a discoverable stream is added as a child (`stream-created`).
- On the parent stream when a user is added by a different user to a stream (`user-added-to-child`).

